Update README with msixbundle install instructions (#6942)
microsoft/terminal: README.md

#### Via GitHub

For users who are unable to install Terminal from the Microsoft Store, Terminal builds can be manually downloaded from this repository's [Releases page](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases/latest).

> Download the `Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_<versionNumber>.msixbundle` file from the **Assets** section. 
> 
> Run the following command in order to install the `.msixbundle` file you've just downloaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the `Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_<versionNumber>.msixbundle` file from the **Assets** section. To install the app, you can simply double-click on the `.msixbundle` file, and the app installer should automatically run. If that fails for any reason, you can try the following command instead:
```
